build: upgrade the sharp package to latest. BM-901 (#2979)
linz/basemaps: packages/sprites/README.md

# Load png, webp and svg sprites
basemaps-sprites --extension .png --extension .svg --extension .webp ./config/sprites/topographic
```

# Refference of the test sprites in the unit tests.

> The following test sprites from [openstreetmap](https://zelonewolf.github.io/openstreetmap-americana/sprites/sprite@2x.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following test sprites come from [openstreetmap-americana](https://github.com/zelonewolf/openstreetmap-americana)
```

# Load png, webp and svg sprites
basemaps-sprites --extension .png --extension .svg --extension .webp ./config/sprites/topographic
```

# Refference of the test sprites in the unit tests.

> Some test sprites from openstreetmap

Reviewer: This needs to be way more specific 

Can we say exactly which files and link to their github and not the PNG?

https://github.com/ZeLonewolf/openstreetmap-americana/

Author: Updated, thanks.
